How is your injury?
Why don't I take you to the hospital?
You don't need to care about my daughter's injury
I'll take care of her.
But nothing but
You are already the one to get married
Stay away from our mother and son
Otherwise your wife will be jealous again.
Ah, why do you have these stairs?
Xie Shao let go of my daughter
I asked you a question
This is the family ladder that my family inherited
Why do you want
Who are you?
Enough Xi Shao
Every time I get involved with you, it's not a good thing
Stay away from our company.
So what's going on here?
Same birthmark
This shouldn't be Xiao He.
I have a little girl's hair on my hand
Take it for identification.
He should be my daughter
piggy
That night.
Is that really you?